feat: add `AccountBalanceQuery` tests (#574)
hiero-ledger/hiero-sdk-tck: docs/test-specifications/crypto-service/AccountBalanceQuery.md

https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-protobufs/blob/main/services/response_code.proto

## JSON-RPC API Endpoint Documentation

### Method Name

`getAccountBalance`

### Input Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type   | Required/Optional | Description/Notes                |
| -------------- | ------ | ----------------- | -------------------------------- |
| accountId      | string | optional          | The ID of the account to query.  |
| contractId     | string | optional          | The ID of the contract to query. |

### Output Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type   | Description/Notes                                    |
| -------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| hbars          | string | The hbars of the submitted accountID/contractID.     |
| tokens         | array  | The tokens associated with the accountID/contractID. |

## Properties

### **Account ID/Contract ID:**

- The ID of the account to query

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer: remove this line

| Test no | Name | Input | Expected response | Implemented (Y/N) |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| 1 | Query for the balance of an account | accountId | The account balance query succeeds | N |
| 2 | Query for the balance of no account | | The account balance query fails and returns error response INVALID_ACCOUNT_ID | N |
| 3 | Query for the balance of an account that doesn't exist | accountId=1000000.0.0 | The account balance query fails and returns error response INVALID_ACCOUNT_ID | N |

> =======

Reviewer: remove this line

https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-protobufs/blob/main/services/response_code.proto

## JSON-RPC API Endpoint Documentation

### Method Name

`getAccountBalance`

### Input Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type   | Required/Optional | Description/Notes                |
| -------------- | ------ | ----------------- | -------------------------------- |
| accountId      | string | optional          | The ID of the account to query.  |
| contractId     | string | optional          | The ID of the contract to query. |

### Output Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type        | Description/Notes                                                                                                |
| -------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| hbars          | string      | The hbar balance of the account/contract in tinybars.                                                            |

> | tokenBalances  | json object | A map of token IDs to their balances. See [TokenBalance](#output-parameters---tokenbalance) for details.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tokenBalances  | List<[TokenBalance](#output-parameters---tokenbalance)> | A map of token IDs to their balances. |
```

> | tokenDecimals  | json object | A map of token IDs to their decimal places. See [TokenDecimals](#output-parameters---tokendecimals) for details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tokenDecimals  | List<[TokenDecimals](#output-parameters---tokendecimals)> | A map of token IDs to their decimal places. |
```

## Initialisation:

```jsx

> new AccountBalanceQuery();

Author: Fixed
